Added FDE Q3 2026 goals (#17996)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/teams/forward-deployed-engineering/objectives.mdx

**Objective**: Ramp the team, scale the FDE function

## Q3 2026 Goals

- Onboard and ramp 2-3 new FDEs (Simon)
- All new team members have taken the lead on at least 1 customer engagement by the end of the quarter (Leonard, other new members)
- Implement FDE brain version 1 (Joshua + Leonard)

> - Embed FDE engagement loop into PostHog AI (Joshua)

Reviewer: This is a bit ambiguous. What I was thinking is we direct customers to using PostHog AI in all ways we can; manual, automatic in Slack, etc. And when it fails, we use that info to improve it, so it's the FDE tooling improvement loop that we want to give to PostHog AI. 

so something like "Embed a PostHog AI improvement loop in FDE engagements"

Author: ```suggestion
- Embed a PostHog AI improvement loop in FDE engagements (Joshua)
```
